# ReadMaker Repository Introduction

**WARNING: This is the first oficial README generated by this tool. As it is in early stages of development, this file doesn't reflect the final vision for this project's functionalities yet.**

Welcome to the ReadMaker repository! This project is a Python tool for generating README files using Streamlit and LLM models. It includes functions for initializing variables, generating and uploading READMEs, and setting up the user interface for inputting repository details. The repository also contains prompts and templates for creating structured README content, including sections for repository overview, file structure, installation, and licensing. The main goal of this repository is to provide a user-friendly and efficient tool for creating informative and visually appealing README files for software projects.

# File Structure

```
ReadMaker
├── app.py
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── resources
│   └── prompts
│       └── defaultllmmodel
│           ├── file_structure.txt
│           ├── file_summary.txt
│           ├── installation.txt
│           ├── introduction.txt
│           ├── license_text.txt
│           └── repository_overview.txt
└── src
    ├── config.py
    ├── configs
    │   └── llmmodels
    │       └── defaultllmmodel.py
    ├── llmmodels
    │   ├── basellmmodel.py
    │   └── defaultllmmodel.py
    ├── repositoryadapters
    │   ├── baseadapter.py
    │   └── defaultadapter.py
    ├── tests
    │   ├── resources
    │   │   └── llm_models
    │   │       └── default_llm_model
    │   │           └── get_prompt
    │   │               └── expected_prompt.txt
    │   ├── test_adapters.py
    │   ├── test_llm_models.py
    │   └── utils.py
    └── utils
        ├── files.py
        ├── preprocess.py
        ├── prompt.py
        └── repository.py

14 directories, 23 files
```

# Installation

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.6 or higher
- Streamlit
- Git

## Featured Packages
- OpenAI GPT-3
- Pandas
- Numpy

## Environment Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/TheCamilovisk/ReadMaker.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd ReadMaker
   ```
3. Install the required packages:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

# Repository Overview

- **src**: Contains the source code for the ReadMaker tool, including modules for configuration, testing, utilities, LLM models, and repository adapters.
- **resources**: Includes prompts and templates for generating README content, as well as text resources for testing and model configuration.
- **tests**: Contains unit tests and test resources for the ReadMaker tool, including test adapters, utilities, and LLM models.
- **llmmodels**: Includes classes for LLM models, such as the DefaultLLMModel and BaseLLMModel, used for generating README content.
- **configs**: Contains configuration files for LLM models, including default prompts and model settings.
- **repositoryadapters**: Includes classes for repository adapters, such as the DefaultRepositoryAdapter, used for interacting with code repositories.

# License

[MIT License](https://github.com/TheCamilovisk/ReadMaker/blob/main/LICENSE)